chore: prepare Tokio v1.24.1 (#5357)
tokio-rs/tokio: tokio/CHANGELOG.md

# 1.24.1 (January 6, 2022)

> This release fixes a compilation failure when using ([#5356])
> ```
> RUSTFLAGS='--cfg tokio_no_atomic_u64 --cfg tokio_no_const_mutex_new'
> ```

Reviewer: I think it would be clearer to mention cases where both of these would actually be enabled. Something like:

```suggestion
This release fixes a compilation failure on targets without `AtomicU64` when using rustc older than 1.63. ([#5356])
```
